## 공원

**1) 본인이 즐겨 가는 공원들 묘사**

There is a small park near my house.

I go there to get some fresh air or to get some exercise.

plus, There is another park is much bigger.

I go there to walk with my puppy.

The park have playgroung and diverse tree.

The park is very picturesque(픽쳘레스크).



**2) 공원에 가서 주로 하는 활동 , 보는 것들 묘사**

again speaking ,I normally go to park for jogging because I can get some fresh air.

also I go to park for walking with puppy.



**3) 가장 최근에 공원에 가서 했던 일들 묘사**

recently I went the park to get some exercise.

I think park is the best place to exercise.

So I often go to the park to get some exercise. 



**4) 공원에서 있었던 에피소드 묘사**

I remember going to park with my puppy.

I bumped(범트) into my friend. He was my best friend during my student.

We hadn't seen each other for a long time. but he hadn't changed a bit.

I first saw after graduation. I was very happy.

So, I remember this situation.



**5) 공원에 처음 가기 시작한 계기와 계기 변화**

I started to go to park to get some fresh air.

but these days , I go to the park to walk with my puppy.

I think park is best place to walk with my puppy.



**6) 본인이 알고 있는 두 공원 비교**

There is a small park near my house.

usually I go there to get some exercise or to get some fresh air.

also , There is another park that is much bigger.

usually I go there to walk with my puppy.

The park have playground and diverse tree.

The park is very picturesque.



**7) 공원들이 직면하고 있는 이슈 설명**

I think one of the biggest issue would have to be trash problem.

Many people throw diverse trash at park.

So, parks have being changed dirty place. 

Once again, I think one of the biggest issu would have to be trash problem.



**8) 공원에서 어른과 아이들 활동 / 시설 비교**

I think children go to park to play on playground.

Many park have playground. so the park is good place to play.

On the other hand , I think adult go to park to get some exercise or to get some fresh air.

because , park also is goot place to get some exercise or to get some fresh air.







