**1) 건강식 종류와 건강에 좋은 이유 설명**

There is tons of healthy food in korea.

I try to eat health food as often as i can.

I try to eat kimchi as often as i can.

kimchi contain a lot of vitamin and fiber.

also , I tru to eat beans and tofu as much as i can.

They are rich in healthy protein.



**2) 건강식을 처음 접해보게 된 계기, 취향 변화 묘사**

When i was a kid, my mom used to give vitamins and protein for me for my health.

and , most often mom used to make food with vegetable and egg.

because they contain a lot of vitamins and fiber.

as i get older , i know important of health food.

thanks mom.



**3) 건강식을 먹어 본 경험묘사**

I think one of the healthiest food would have to be kimchi in korea.

So I uaually eat meal together kimchi.

kimchi contain a lot of vitamin and fiber.

also Kimchi strengthens our immune system.

once again, kimchi is one of the healthiest foods in korea.



**4) 식품 구매 방식 과거와 현재 비교**

a few years ago, Many people bought food at groceries market.

but now, Many people buy food at online shopping mole.

It is very convenient .

The foods are delivered their home.

there days, The purchase method of people have changed.



**5) 식품 오염 사건 관련 뉴스 보도 설명**

I remember watching new about food poisoning incident last year.

The food went bad because it was summer time.

The food was contained by bacteria.

So, Many people got seriously sick.

I try to be more careful when it comes to food.



**6) 음식 관련 기억에 남는 에피소드 묘사**

I remember when i ate very spicy food recently.

My stomach was upset.

I had to drink much watter.

also I took some medicine to get better.

I had to get some rest.

since then, I try to be more careful when it comes to eating spicy food.







